improve documentation before releasing GPUMD-v3.9 (#508)
brucefan1983/GPUMD: doc/gpumd/input_parameters/compute_rdf.rst

.. _kw_compute_rdf:
.. index::
   single: compute_rdf (keyword in run.in)

:attr:`compute_rdf`
===================

> This keyword is used to compute the radial distribution function (:term:`RDF`) for the whole system or pairs of species. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This keyword is used to compute the radial distribution function (:term:`RDF`) for all atoms or pairs of species. 
```

It works for both classical :term:`MD` and :term:`PIMD`.
The results will be written to the :ref:`rdf.out <rdf_out>` file.

Syntax
------

This keyword is used as follows::

  compute_rdf <cutoff> <num_bins> <interval> [atom <i1> <i2> atom <i3> <i4> ...]

> This means that the :term:`RDF` calculations will be performed every :attr:`interval` steps, with :attr:`num_bins`data points evenly distributed from 0 to :attr:`cutoff` (in units of Angstrom) in terms the distance between atom pairs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means that the :term:`RDF` calculations will be performed every :attr:`interval` steps, with :attr:`num_bins` data points evenly distributed from 0 to :attr:`cutoff` (in units of Ångstrom) in terms of the distance between atom pairs.
```
